[wrangler] Add `--json` flag to `containers info` (#14250)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/wrangler-containers-info-json.md

---
"wrangler": minor
---

> Add `--json` flag to `wrangler containers info`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a `--json` flag to `wrangler containers info`.
```

> `wrangler containers list` and `wrangler containers instances` already document `--json` as a boolean flag, but `wrangler containers info` only emitted JSON through the implicit `isNonInteractiveOrCI()` path (e.g. `CI=true`). Scripts that piped `wrangler containers info <ID> | jq` from a shell that wasn't detected as non-interactive received a human-readable banner instead, which `jq` couldn't parse. The flag now exposes the existing JSON path explicitly and matches the sibling commands' surface; behavior for callers that relied on the implicit non-TTY path is unchanged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, `wrangler containers info` only emitted JSON when wrangler detected a non-interactive shell, so piping its output to a tool like `jq` from an interactive terminal returned the human-readable banner and failed to parse. The new `--json` flag makes JSON output explicit, matching the flag already available on `wrangler containers list` and `wrangler containers instances`.
```
